So now we're ready to tackle how we can get traffic to our campaign page.
How can you bring people and eyeballs onto your campaign page so that they can understand what your
product is about and start pledging.
Now we're going to cover various aspects including e-mail marketing social media marketing how to get
press how to become a staff pick and how to get influences to talk about your campaign.
Now the old adage Where e-mail is king is still true.
The money is in the list.
You know there's a lot of startups that get sold purely based on their lists and their reach.
So if you don't have an email list yet.
My advice is to start building it today.
Now you might say you know we have all these new ways of generating traffic like social media marketing
Facebook Marketing paid adverts or social media posts all sorts of things right.
But here's my Facebook feed.
This is the home page that you see when you go onto Facebook on desktop and just looking at this page
you can see that this is an ad this is an ad and this is also an AD.
So two thirds of the entire screen is taken up by Facebook ads.
People who pay Facebook in order to take up that real estate on their home page.
So when you put out a post.
So this is our poster that we put out recently thanking the Amazon team for a great event that we organize
together teaching Amazon Alexis skills.
And you can see that if it only reached 516 people.
So even if you have followers to your page Facebook will determine how many people will get shown every
single post that you put out there.
So as you acquire likes on your page as you acquire followers on your page it doesn't matter.
Facebook will ask you if you want to pay to boost those posts to show your own content to your own followers.
So this is not where you want to be.
And Facebook news feed algorithm works roughly like this.
What you see in your news feed is determined by a whole host of factors with different weightings.
So for example your interest in the page.
So how often you look at the content that a particular page will post.
So how long do you linger on it when it shows up in your news feed.
Or how often do you click on it to learn more about it will determine how likely it is that youll get
to see posts from that particular page in the future.
Also Facebook will look at how that particular post you put out on your page is performing against all
of your past posts.
So if its something thats doing a lot better than everything else that you've posted before then it
gets a little boost in the News Feed algorithm.
It also looks at your past page performance as well as the type of content whether it's images videos
which gets more of a boost.
Things like links which direct people away from Facebook get less of a boost and also the recency is
how new is that piece of post that you're putting out and all of these factors plus more that we don't
know about gets added and multiplied together to determine how likely it is that your post from your
page will show up on your followers newsfeeds.
But unlike Facebook if you think about email.
Everyone reads their email it appears in chronological order and emails sent virtually for free.
There's none of this.
Boost your email so that people can see your email business rent.
And this is why email is still king.
In a world where there are so many distractions in order to cut through all of the grease.
E-mail is still that one gold nugget so to illustrate how important email list is.
Let me show you one of my friends business models.
So he works as a dropships.
So what does that mean.
That means that he markets a product and when he gets purchases for that product he sends the customers
details to his dropship.
So they usually somebody who is based in China or India or Eastern Europe and they take care of the
distribution the shipping and getting the product to the customer.
So for example he sells fidgets spinners for £6.
99 lets say on Amazon right.
Including delivery.
Now if you go on to a website with Ali Express you can see Chinese distributors who are selling the
exact same product for £2 77 apiece including shipping to the UK or the US.
So let's look at the difference there.
£6.
99.
That's your revenue and £2 77 is the cost.
And if you liaise with the sellers on any Express you can get them to dropship your items for you.
You can tell them that you know I'll send you the details of the customers who you need to ship this
to and I will pay you that £2 77 amount for every single product.
That means that you don't have to worry about the warehousing costs.
The manufacturing costs the delivery the processing costs all of that is taken care of by the Chinese
dropship.
So his the math for this fidget spinnerbait let's say that revenue is £6.
99 per unit the cost my friend is £2 77 a unit.
That means that he's making about four pounds 22 on every single fidgets Bynner that he sells.
He's only responsible for putting up the sales page and gathering the customers details and transferring
that to the dropship.
So here's what he does.
He gets affiliates to direct traffic to his sales page and he pays those affiliates $5 per sale.
So wait a minute you might think so you're paying $5 in affiliate fees to make $5 of profit.
That doesn't seem right.
What's the point of that.
Well the point is an e-mail acquisition so running this over two or three months he gathers a million
emails all from people who have opened their wallets and bought something.
So actual sales emails and out of those emails if he decides to sell another product say a fidget cube
or another gift item he hits up this e-mail list and the average open rate in this kind of category
is around 30 percent.
Right.
So he reaches 300000 people in that list.
Now let's say in those 300000 people he managed to get a 15 percent conversion.
So that's 45000 people who will put down money to buy something else.
Let's say a $5 fidget cube.
So five times what he 5000 He earns a quarter of a million just from that list.
So this is the power of the e-mail list and this is why we tend to say that if you don't have an e-mail
list just start today start building your own list which you can take from project to project and by
having that community by having those people who you can reach you really have the power of distribution.
So how would you go about doing this.
Well here's an app that came out of London a few years ago and before they did any design for the app
before they did any marketing before they even put down any code for this particular app they actually
created a landing page.
So a single landing page like the one that you're seeing right now there's a brief description about
what it does and there's a single screenshot that shows off what it might look like.
And most importantly there is that box where it says become founding member number eight thousand five
hundred and twelve.
So here by putting that line down there's a massive amount of social proof people are looking at this
page and thinking oh gosh 80000 people have already put down their e-mails.
I should probably do it too.
It's obviously something that is quite good.
So what's unbeknownst to most people is that this number was actually hard coded.
So the founder actually went onto his own Web site and updated that number every single day to a larger
random sounding number every day.
But the social proof is there.
I don't know how you feel about the ethics but it did work.
It got him hundreds of thousands of e-mails of people who were interested in his product so that he
could hit them up on day one of launch and start getting downloads right away.
So that particular page worked really well for him.
But how to you know what page will work well for you.
How do you know how to create your own landing page that converts you know unlike these big names like
Procter and Gamble AT&T who spend billions on their advertising per year.
I'm assuming that most people don't have the money to split test all their landing pages.
Figure out what works the best.
So here's a formula that will work better than 99 percent of all the landing pages out there.
The first thing that you need is a really strong headline.
So this is a brief description about what your product or what your service is.
So to write this you really want to keep it simple and you really want to keep it brief.
So I want you to imagine that say a 5 year old comes up to you on the street and asks you What is your
product about what is it even.
And you have to answer them in a really simple and really succinct way.
Well that's a headline.
The next thing that you should have on your page is a subhead line.
And this is where that 5 year old asks you what does that even mean.
What is that product really.
And you explain to them in a little bit more detail about what your product is about.
And then you need to have a major benefit statement as well as some bullet points that all talk about
what are the benefits of getting your product or owning your product.
This is like you know if you talk to the first five year old and their buddy cames that comes along
those are five year is like yeah why do you need that thing that doesn't seem very useful.
Why would I need that.
And you have to try and justify them why your product is useful.
What are the benefits that you will get by having it and this leads up to the first conversion but and
so this is for most of the impulse buyers who are sold very easily on your product who have understood
your benefits and they're like I want to get it now.
I want this thing.
So that is the bottom for immediate conversion.
The next part is the skeptical zone.
So this is where people who are harder to KIMMONS So maybe they're kind of intrigued by what you're
selling or what you're proposing.
But they still need a bit of data a bit of testimonials to actually make them convinced of the benefits.
So this is where ideally you'll have you know some data some stats but you can persuade them with all
that you have some testimonials ideally from well-known people but also could be from your past customers.
And then finally you have the long conversion button.
So this is the button that will convert all the skeptics the people who read right all the way to the
bottom.
So this page layout and this format will convert better than 99 percent of the landing pages out there.
And when you have it in real life it looks something kind of like this.
I mean the formatting isn't fixed right but as long as you've got all those elements incorporated in
there in the right order then you're pretty much good to go.
And you can create this really easily by using tools such as optimize the bounce where they have these
drag and drop website builders where you can drag in images or dragging sections that will have your
e-mail collection and you can use these Web sites to monitor how many e-mails are coming in or how the
stats are performing.
So if you take away anything from this section the most important thing is just to remember that the
time the building an e-mail list was yesterday if you have an idea if you have a product that you want
to make before you go down that path and do anything for it the first thing you need to do is to build
a landing page.
Not only does it start giving you emails start allowing you to collect future customers or potential
customers.
It gives you a good gauge as to how much interest there is in your product.
Right.
If you have this landing page and you see that despite you know having a thousand This is a month you
only have maybe 10 people who put down the e-mail that may be either your landing page is not convincing
enough or people don't actually want your product.
So use this as an experiment to see whether if you know your product is actually valued by customers
people who will actually buy it down the line.
This is the cheapest and the fastest way of validating all of your ideas.